General improvements to docs and linters (#107)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/development/contributing.md

## Contributing guidelines

> Contributions of all experience levels are welcome! There are many ways to contribute, and we appreciate all of them. Please use our [issues page](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/issues) to discuss any contributions. Please ensure to first open an issue to discuss a contribution before opening a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions of all experience levels are welcome! There are many ways to contribute, and we appreciate all of them. Please use our [issues page](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/issues) to discuss any contributions. Before opening a pull request, please ensure you've first opened an issue to discuss the contribution.
```

> Contributions of all experience levels are welcome! There are many ways to contribute, and we appreciate all of them. Please use our [issues page](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/issues) to discuss any contributions. Please ensure to first open an issue to discuss a contribution before opening a pull request.

Reviewer 2: Shall we detail out the steps? Similar to this contribution guide for example: https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Issue/Discussion
2. Iteration
3. Approval
4. Development
5. Review

If it's an overkill, then ignore the comment. I just like their contribution guide as it details out what they can expect as well in terms of responses etc.

Author: Puh, I think it is a bit overkill - maybe in the future we can expand, but let's get some contributions first :)
